I what's going on everybody welcome back
Callen with droid life again and I'd say
we're going to take a look at the asus
transformer pad infinity so this is
basically the upgraded transformer prime
you know that came out at the end of
2011 the big thing here is the screen
it's got a 1920 x 1200 resolution so
we're getting down that retina path a
little bit here other than that they've
jumped up the tiger three a little bit
it's actually a newer tiger three called
the t-33 and it clogs clocked up to 1.6
gigahertz but it can jump up to 1.7 the
regular tiger three that's in the
transformer Prime's at one point 3 and 1
point 4 gigahertz so a little bit faster
I'm still just one gig around not two
gigs like we're seeing in you know like
the galaxy s3 into new phones but it's
ddr3 that's up to 1600 megahertz so we
got some more speed their bluetooth 30 a
revamped 8 megapixel camera and yeah
overall it's basically uh like I said a
revamped transformer prime so when I say
it's just like the transformer prime it
has all the docking capabilities so it
actually does have a keyboard dock and
so you can see this see that tf201
that's the model number for the
transformer prime so the same dock with
the prime works with the transformer pad
infinity so we'll go over that later on
I just wanted to show you guys that the
docking station is the same in case you
were thinking about upgrading you
already have the doc you actually do get
to keep that just use it so anyways
let's open this up and just take a look
quickly again this just an unboxing will
do full review and stuff like that later
on so here is the tablet set that over
here for a second I'm inside is your uh
it's usually just paperwork how-to
guides all that fun stuff so we're not
going to really dive into that too much
this would be a day cleaning cloth and
then here is your power adapter I don't
believe there's anything else in the
nice box nope that should be it so uh we
will set that aside as well alright so
isus let's see so if we run down the
side here believe these herbs there we
go we run down the side here you can see
ice cream sandwich and I believe it's
for dot 0 dot 3
for it's got full HD here's your take
your 3 quad-core it's got a gorilla
glass 2 forgot to mention that it make
pixel camera sonicmaster crystal pure
sound nine and a half hours of battery
and some other stuff alright so just
feel this stuff all fire that for the
first time um so first thing I'm
noticing since I was on the back is I
believe this new strip up top is
different than the Prime and I'm
wondering if that has the GPS and Wi-Fi
in there because remember they build on
the transformer prime at all sorts of
issues that we're stopping Wi-Fi and
causing you know GPS did not ever be
able to lock so I'm wondering if that's
what that is I don't know all can ultras
i'll see if i can confirm that but
anyways so it comes in i believe these
same two colors that amethyst grey and
then that goldish color that the
transformer prime did this is basically
purple but i think they're calling an
amethyst grey or something like that so
we can take a little bit of a tour as I
pick this off the side so it's still a
10.1 inch display but again it's that
1920 x 1200 resolution that's the star
here you do have a front camera right up
there charging down here so you got good
grips on the sides if we flip over here
to the side that i believe is a microSD
slot right there i'll have to double
check that you have a micro USB port on
a micro HDMI out right there there is
your sorry micro HDMI out there there's
your headphone jack on the bottom is
your to docking connectors to go into
that keyboard dock and then here's your
charging port on the right side nothing
but on the back you see there is a
little speaker there that is the only
speaker okay and then here's your 8
megapixel camera with flash looks like a
noise cancelling mic on there too up top
is your volume rocker and your power
switch alright so let's boot it up see
what we got I'm interested to see what
this screen really looks like in person
should be should be gorgeous so again
launches it with ice cream sandwich 403
it'll be priced at four
for the 32 gig model 599 for the 64 gig
model the doc is still 149 should be out
around July sixteenth I believe that
could move but that's where they're
shooting for oh and those colors gonna
hand with this gray which is this one
it's champagne gold so uh yeah that's
what we got so let's put this up and see
if gorgeous the screeners alright so
here we go unlock and uh zoom in on that
screen a little bit all right so this is
my first time actually looking at this
device in person like this um and you
know this screen looks nice well if to
take some macro shots see if we can look
at pixels things like that um it's going
to be buttery smooth just like the
transformer prime was will play with
that will look at software as you all
know isus doesn't do a whole lot of
tweaking to Ice Cream Sandwich they
leave a fairly stock but as you can see
it's crazy touch sensitive we're
whipping through screens it's going to
be crazy fast like I said I take her
three but they've clocked in higher it's
a brand new Tegra 3 so uh yeah we will
walk through this completely will take
some pictures will show you that camera
and see how good it is these tablet
cameras are just hilarious instant
shutter basically they're so we sort of
expected that right um but yeah so
transformer pad infinity should be outs
in mid-july see if we can figure out how
to work the volume I cannot figure out
how to work the volume anyway we'll work
on that but uh should be out mid-july
again we'll do a full review all that
good stuff so stay with us for Troy life